Update the name of the breakpoint mixin to show that its deprecated (#41984)
Automattic/wp-calypso: docs/coding-guidelines/css.md

## Media Queries

> We don't do device specific breakpoints, we use layout-specific breakpoints that communicate the state of the UI. DO NOT define your own media queries. Utilize the mixins [provided in `_mixins.scss`](https://github.com/Automattic/wp-calypso/blob/master/assets/stylesheets/shared/mixins/_breakpoints.scss). Furthermore, we are pushing for a mobile-first approach to media queries, meaning your default styles should apply to mobile, and desktop should build on top of that. This means that devices with smaller screens have to process less CSS (which makes sense since they are generally less powerful). You should avoid the use of `<` breakpoints like this:

Reviewer: I think this some of this documentation might actually still be useful, especially for devs who don't have extensive browser-client experience. Do you think we could just translate the uses of `breakpoint` to `break-*` instead of removing it completely? Or else, what's the reasoning for removing it entirely?

As an aside, it's nice that we're removing some room for variations in how breakpoints are applied given that the GB breakpoints are more restrictive (doesn't look like there's a `<` vs `>` problem); however, I think the approach documented in the bad/good section below is still valid.

> To avoid code bloat and have a more consistent experience we should try to use the same breakpoints in all SCSS files.

Reviewer: Nit: we could be more assertive in this sentence if we wanted 😛 

```suggestion
To avoid code bloat and have a more consistent experience we use the same breakpoints in all SCSS files whenever possible.
```

> The old `breakpoint` mixin should be replaced with the `break-*` mixins from [Gutenberg](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/0f1f5e75408705f0ec014f5d2ea3d9fcc8a97817/packages/base-styles/_mixins.scss)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old `breakpoint-deprecated` mixin should be replaced with the `break-*` mixins from [Gutenberg](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/0f1f5e75408705f0ec014f5d2ea3d9fcc8a97817/packages/base-styles/_mixins.scss)
```

- DO use a single space before an opening brace

```scss

> @include breakpoint( ">480px" ) {

Reviewer: Nit: could we change this example to not use a deprecated function?
